Sound fuse is a music  sound fuse is a music app for live musicians who have problems, contracting band members and happen to be solo, so AI will memorize their music, sing back to them, their music and whatever harmony that they choose or select during their performance. they would also have the option to record on their phone and upload it to sound fuse to create a music video or to inspire others. They would also have a place to select any musical instrument to also play along with them. They would also have the opportunity to browse other peoples music that have been uploaded to sound fuse for people to check out. They could use sound fuse as a sound studio, recording hub for anything audio or visual and create files so then they could be shared back-and-forth or uploaded to be mastered. it's a place for unknown musicians to be found out. It's also a place for well-known musicians to also hire ones that have not yet been found out, but are of the caliber they required. So this music app is a sharing opportunity alive, creating opportunity and a recording opportunity for the user they also  . They also have full capabilities of AI to help write their songs suggest through analytics what kind of tags what kind of hooks? What kind of endings would go good with their songs to make them also popular. Sound fuse should be a dream for every live musician to have access to band equipment. They don't have sound equipment   sound equipment. They don't have instruments. They don't have people they don't have and help they don't have we can gain the confidence to be as successful as possible. This app would also help the vocalist to know when his pitch is off and against suggestions for vocalist like breathing control, drinking more water, etc. it would also listen to the music being played and offer suggestions as to holding the notes more securely stable bending the strings out of pitch holding the notes too long coming in out of syncopation with the music, etc.
